correct the causaility definition for non-stakeholder actors and choice observers (#8892)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/concepts/local-ledger.rst

As explained in the Daml Ledger Model, parties see only a :ref:`projection <da-model-projections>` of the shared ledger for privacy reasons.
Like consistency, projection extends to causality graphs as follows.

Definition »Stakeholder informee«

>   A party `P` is a **stakeholder informee** of an action `act` if `P` is an informee of `act` and, if `act` is an action on a contract then `P` is a stakeholder of the contract.

Reviewer: I found this a bit tricky to read, I think using bullet points would help

Author: Changed to use bullet points.

>   A party `P` is a **stakeholder informee** of an action `act` if `P` is an informee of `act` and, if `act` is an action on a contract then `P` is a stakeholder of the contract.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  A party `P` is a **stakeholder informee** of an action `act` on contract `c` if `P` is an informee of `act` and a stakeholder of `c`.
```

Author: That won't work for NoSuchKey actions because these actions don't act on a contract. I'll go with @phoebe-da 's suggestions of using bullet points.

An **Exercise** and **Fetch** action acts on the input contract, a **Create** action on the created contract, and a **NoSuchKey** action does not act on a contract.
So for a **NoSuchKey** action, the stakeholder informees are the key maintainers.

Definition »Causal consistency for a party«
  A causality graph `G` is **consistent for a party** `P` (`P`\ -consistent) if `G` is consistent on all the actions that `P` is a stakeholder informee of.

The notions of `X`\ -minimality and `X`\ -reduction extend to parties accordingly.

> 

Reviewer: ... is consistent for the Bank because the Bank is a **stakeholder** informee of exactly the highlighted actions ... ?

Reviewer: (this bit is a couple lines below where I can comment)

Author: Thanks for pointing this out. Changed.
